Replace erroneous instances of above and below (#4106)
knative/docs: docs/serving/samples/knative-routing-go/README.md

## Using internal services and `"httpProtocol": "Redirected"`

> Using the mentioned approach, services will be available using two entrypoints into the cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the approach explained in the previous section, services will be available using two entrypoints into the cluster:
```

Reviewer: It would be clearer to say when this approach was mentioned. The suggestion above assumes that it is referring to the previous section but I wasn't sure.
